legend the great witch kills
manuel hand a go-kart page
huge black
of the ancestors of the rock you
brought from the very heart of africa
by the micreros in the era of slavery
she settled in the lares of the farm daughter
where he built his thousand dwelling
in the company of his spouse
jovita cotito
this man
he was a healer praying
and par excellence
I was not afraid of him
not even satan
during the nights
he walked through the lonely places
accompanied
that his figure or steel machete
only memory of their ancestors
sugarcane cutters
of the agricultural fields of the hacienda san josé
of the district p el carmen
his services were always requested
for the different families of the locality
especially
for the poor people
to heal their younger children
there is an evil eye
of a scare
other times
was required to coat pigs and other domestic animals
he spent much of his youth
on a certain occasion
it was needed urgently
to attend even a minor
in the payment of cuba indian jun
on the way
Something happened to him that he never forgot
all his life
at midnight
He went on
when passing through the place
called the Welsh Guarani
in condor and I high
had a meeting
to tail of the cluster
from a leafy weeping willow
I listen
an afterlife voice
silva and villa
granma there was no cartagena
and it crossed my path
with the intention of hurting me
he did not say it good
so you're brave black jett
he replied the spectrum
brave and macho
the healer grew
I want your dirty soul
the witch said annoyed
low and truthful
concluded the
in those moments
a giant moenia abed here
jumped on the chest of the black
the impact was so strong
who voted him for the ride
and rolled on the floor
it was the last straw that exceeded the
was born from manon
out of it
with wide-eyed
paco subtle udo steel machete
giving him
a tremendous beating of my father and my master
to the witch
it must be seen lost
he took off
with such bad luck
that got entangled in a spiny guarango
for more than going and everything and gold or insults
he finished it off
In the same place
following his path
like nothing
I had passed
next day
in the late afternoon
by going through
the sand that divides the channels of the pyrite ditch
and large ditch
uppercase was his amazement
Seeing a burial pass
with people who know the place
when asking one of the companions
who it was about
this replied
just longo
is about
the minister
the poor old woman of condor and I to him
so good
so charitable
no one hurt him anymore
see yourself
but and sign dictates the tit
and she had
who were delinquents from the heights of chavín
not happy with stealing
all your belongings
They have even torn him apart
troubles
machete